README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Yash Rathod</h1>
<h3 align="center">Full Stack Developer | MERN | Django | AI Integration | Problem Solver</h3>

---

🚀 Passionate developer focused on building modern web applications, data-driven dashboards, and AI-powered tools.

I enjoy transforming complex ideas into practical and scalable solutions using modern technologies.

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

- 🔭 Currently working on Full Stack Projects (React + Django + MERN)
- 🤖 Exploring AI integrations using OpenAI APIs
- 📊 Building analytics dashboards with real-world metrics (ATS, OTC, performance tracking)
- 🎯 Interested in System Design, Cloud Applications, and Scalable Architecture
- 💡 Hackathon enthusiast & continuous learner

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

### 🚀 Frontend
- React.js
- Tailwind CSS
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Responsive UI Design

### ⚙ Backend
- Node.js
- Express.js
- Django
- Flask

### 🗄 Database
- MongoDB
- SQL

### ☁ Tools & Technologies
- Git & GitHub
- REST APIs
- Azure / Cloud Concepts
- Data Visualization (Charts & Analytics)

---

## 🌟 Featured Projects

🔥 **Employee Performance Dashboard**
- Data-driven dashboard with ATS & OTC calculations
- Client filtering & analytics visualization
- Modern UI with charts

🤖 **AI Integrated MERN Application**
- OpenAI API integration
- Dynamic prompt-based responses
- Full-stack architecture

🎓 **E-learning Platform**
- Educational system design
- Interactive user experience

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=yash-2707&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=yash-2707&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

## 🌐 Connect With Me

- 🌎 Portfolio: https://yashrathodportfolio.vercel.app/
- 💼 LinkedIn: (Add your LinkedIn link here)

---

## ⚡ Fun Fact

I love building clean UI with dark themes and glowing modern designs 🚀

---

⭐ Always learning. Always building.

Commit message:

Revise README with new skills and project details
Updated personal information and project descriptions in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Yash Rathod</h1>
<h3 align="center">Full Stack Developer | MERN | Django | AI/ML Enthusiast | Problem Solver</h3>

---

🚀 Passionate developer focused on building modern web applications , Management systems , and AI-powered tools.

I enjoy transforming complex ideas into practical and scalable solutions using modern technologies.

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

- 🔭 Currently working on Full Stack Projects (React + Django + MERN)
- 🤖 Exploring AI/ML 
- 📊 Building analytics dashboards with real-world metrics for monitoring the performance of the indiviual .
- 🎯 Interested in System Design, Cloud Applications, and Scalable Architecture.
- 💡 Hackathon enthusiast & continuous learner

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

### 🚀 Frontend
- React.js
- HTML & CSS
- Tailwind CSS
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Responsive UI Design

### ⚙ Backend
- Node.js
- Express.js
- Django
- Flask

### 🗄 Database
- MongoDB
- SQL

### ☁ Tools & Technologies
- Git & GitHub
- Firebase
- REST APIs
- Azure / Cloud Concepts
- Data Visualization (Charts & Analytics)

---

## 🌟 Featured Projects

🔥 **Project Management System **
- Data-driven dashboard with ATS & OTC calculations
- Client filtering & analytics visualization
- Modern UI with charts
- Performance monitoring and task management system

🤖 **CodeWiz**
- OpenAI API integration
- Dynamic prompt-based responses
- Full-stack architecture
- Collaborative Platform

🎓 **E-learning Platform**
- Educational system design
- Interactive user experience

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=yash-2707&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=yash-2707&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

## 🌐 Connect With Me

- 🌎 Portfolio: https://yashrathodportfolio.vercel.app/
- 💼 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yash-rathod-2a9a64256/

---

## ⚡ Fun Fact

I love building Scalable Systems 🚀

---

⭐ Always learning. Always building.
